Update README.md (#14)
asyncart/async-subgraph_v2: README.md

# Welcome to the official subgraph for https://async.art/ 😀

Navigate to: https://thegraph.com/explorer/subgraph/asyncart/async-art-v2

> Where you can run a numer of cool queries!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where you can run a number of cool queries!
```

Reviewer: Maybe say "expressive queries" rather than "cool queries"?

> Where you can run a number of cool queries!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where you can run a number of expressive queries! You can view a number of example queries in the left corner of the query explorer.
```
